1.5 How did viewing a diffrence between two versions help me spot the bug?

it narrowed down the lines of code in which the bug could be from 1000 to 20.
This makes it a lot faster to find bugs.


1.8 How could having easy acces to the entire history of a file
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

You can find bugs faster, or restore an earlier version if you implemented not needed/wanted features


1.15 What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit,
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Pros:
+ Each version is an important step
+ You dont clutter your history with to many versions
+ It is easy to find the version you are looking for
+ You dont waste to much space on your harddrive/clound
+ Each version compiles and works

Cons:
- You always have to remember to commit
- You might not understand when it is a good point to commit

1.18 Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because if you a single logical block or feature for example adding a button will have changes in multiple files.
So the version control should have a version of the button not implemented and one where it is fully implemented,
which of course needs to save multiple files.
Google Docs saves each file history separately because the files do not have dependancies between each other.

1.22 How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log shows you a list of all the diffrent versions in the history.
Then you can use git diff with 2 version IDs to see all the diffrences between them.


1.26 How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

By giving an insurance that you can always revert the code to a state where it worked.


1.31 Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

AndroidStudio and other multi-file code projects